Bryce sat by himself in the common room. The large windows opened up on to the
growing construction site. Several weeks ago the builder units finished
building the energy and water collectors. As soon as they finished, Vita and
her team jumped into high gear. The new homes, streets, and community
buildings were coming up at an incredible rate. While that should have made
Bryce happy, it was having the opposite effect. A ball of anxiety was building
in the pit of his stomach. "What am I going to do?" he said to himself. "I
can't just sit here stressed. I need a distraction." He swiped his phone on
and typed out a quick message to Paul. "Up for a game of squash? Meet me at the
gym in 10?".

Paul replied to the message, agreeing to play. The gym was completed last week
and since then it had seen constant use. Finally, a place for everyone to
stretch their legs. One of the central attractions in the gym was the squash
court. Originally, the construction team had built a racquetball court but
they quickly realized that with the reduced Martian gravity, the
bounce-to-gravity ratio for racquetballs just made the game way too
difficult. Players could play a whole game without the ball ever touching the
ground. At that point someone suggested switching to squash. The game is
basically the same but a squash ball is so much less bouncy that it makes up
for the gravity differences.

Bryce arrived just as Paul finished warming up. "Hey!" he said. "Hope you're
up for a good game." He jumped into the court and almost before Paul had a
chance to get ready, Bryce served the ball -- a strong and precise shot right
down Paul's backhand wall. After a few points of play it became clear that
something was bothering Bryce. He was hitting the ball so hard and playing so
aggresively. Paul stopped to catch his breath after a particularly vigorous
volley. "Wow, man. You've got a bee in your bonnet today, don't you?". At that
moment Director Goliss walked into the viewing area.

The Director pointed angrily at Bryce and signaled him to come to her. "Oh
great!" he said. "We'll see how this goes." He opened the glass door to the
court enclosure and went to her. It only took a few moments of conversation
before Bryce started yelling. "What am I supposed to do! You guys dumped all
this work on me. Twenty-five thousand! Do you have any idea how long this is
going to take?"

"I don't care!" the Director shouted back. "In less than 10 weeks we're going
to have those twenty-five thousand people floating around in space if we're
not ready." She poked a finger at his chest. "Get your job done!"

Bryce turned bright red then flung his squash racquet over the low court wall
and over Paul's head. The racquet ricocheted off the wall. Paul ducked out of
the way to avoid getting hit. "Fine" Bryce shouted into her face. "I'll get my
job done." Then he stormed off through the gym doors.

The Director looked at Paul, noticing him for the first time, and then turned
to leave. She paused, though, and returned to Paul. Opening the court door,
she approached him. "Sorry you had to witness that. I try to keep things calm
here." She did look apologetic but also non-compromising.

"What's the problem?" he asked.

"Well, the housing arrangements aren't done. It wasn't possible to make all of
the living assignments until we had a better idea of what buildings we could
actually build. Now that we know, we have just a short amount of time to make
the assignments. For some reason Bryce has been dragging his feet. He claims
that he doesn't have any tools. Van Halen gave him a single text file with all
of the personnel listed in it. I guess Bryce can't work with that format. All
of his existing HR software takes multiple minutes just to process a single
person." She paused for a thoughtful moment. "You have been very successful in
helping us in other software tasks, maybe you can help Bryce?"

Paul started to think of all of the work still sitting on his todo list but
then the look on the Director's face convinced him. "Yeah, in the very least I
can go and talk to him. Maybe there is something I can do to help."  The
Director looked relieved. "Thanks!" she said. "Well, now onto the next fire."
She turned and exited the gym.

About an hour later, after he had changed and showered, Paul found Bryce in
the HR lab. He looked up sheepishly. "Hey, sorry about that explosion
earlier. I just, well, I just can't handle the pressure right now."

"So what's going on?"

"Did the Director tell you the problem?" Paul nodded. "Well, if I just had a
software module that could look up people faster, the rest of my software
would work great and I'd make quick work of the assignments. The way things
are right now, it will take weeks just for my housing assignment software to
run. That doesn't even give me time to do job assignments, eating and
recreation schedules, etc. Dude, it's an impossible mess."

Paul looked at the text file that contained all the data. After a few moments
he realized how he could help. "Ok, I can help here. Send me this file and
what I'll do is make a software module for you that you can hook into your
software that let's you look people up almost instantly. That should make your
job much faster."

Bryce looked like a gigantic weight had been lifted off his
shoulders. "Really? You think you can do that?"

"Hah. Piece of cake," Paul said. "Just give me a couple days and I'll have it
for you."

Bryce offered his fist for a fist bump. "Dude! That's awesome!"


